Remove Python 2.7 from tests and builds (#5090)
StackStorm/st2: CHANGELOG.rst

  Contributed by @hnanchahal

> * Updated Travis CI and CircleCI builds to only use Python 3

Reviewer: Please don't forget to include the PR number #5090 also the type of the change.

Also is it (improvement) or (cleanup)? Maybe `Removed` section below would fit this better, considering it's breaking change nature.

~~~~~~~~
* Removed check-licence script (cleanup) #5092
  Contributed by @kroustou

> * Updated Travis CI and CircleCI builds to only use Python 3 (cleanup) #5090

Reviewer: I think the other significant change to mention is that py2 was used in the Makefile. Because other scripts and systems may rely on it it worth highlighting.

Maybe something along the lines?

```suggestion
* Updated Makefile and build system to only use Python 3 (cleanup) #5090
```
